so one of the main reasons why I love my job is the fact that it's kind
of an unconventional a job in the navy with what we're doing with
a man under water vehicles in the mine countermeasures role we're given
a lot of flexibility were given the ability to be innovative and
creative think outside the box and adapt to certain challenges that
come to us and I like that aspect of the of working in this community
is the fact that it's not always the same thing every day and they
really they really like to see individuals that can that can think
on their own and create these kind of innovative solutions to the tasks
at hand